posts/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap.md, before:

---
title: "Winter Quarter '25 Recap"
date: "2025-03-10"
author: "Joshua Nolasco"
excerpt: "Recap all that has happened for VGDC during Winter 2025!"
coverImage: "/cover.jpg"
---

Hi everyone! Happy Mario Day! We hope this quarter was good to you, and you're all finishing strong. This can be a busy time for many people, so we appreciate you checking in here. It's been an eventful couple of months here at VGDC, so let’s recap what's happened as we say goodbye to the quarter. 

## Executive Elections 

Internally, VGDC held executive elections. All executive positions were up for grabs, meaning current executives were required to rerun for their positions, but more emphasis was placed on ones held by graduating incumbents. Candidates prepared a speech and created a presentation to be shown in front of the entire officer base. From there, the audience of officers cast their votes. It sounds intimidating, but it was a positive and insightful experience where we discussed many new avenues for club improvement! Everyone, both campaigning and voting, had a lot of fun. 

VGDC needed to fill the positions of President, Projects Director, and Treasurer. The votes determined that Aslan Chan, Ethan Schwartzman, and Andrew Khov, respectively, will take these roles. We look forward to seeing the ideas and innovations our newly elected executives bring to the table! 

## Events & Workshops 

It wouldn't be a quarter of VGDC without our events and workshops. We kicked off the new year with our Winter GBM, where we discussed our club and gave people a sneak peek at events we had coming up. 

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/WinterGBM1.jpg)

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/WinterGBM2.jpg)
  
_Some photos from Winter GBM. Photos by Kevin ([@qiwenkevin](https://www.instagram.com/qiwenkevin) on Instagram)_

This quarter we started a brand new TCP season - we have a [whole other blog post](https://www.vgdc.dev/news/Making-Mariposa) dedicated to this project if you'd like to check it out! The kickoff was a blast; it was an excellent opportunity for people interested in participating to learn more about the game and meet their respective teams and leads. 

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/TCPKickoff1.jpg)

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/TCPKickoff2.jpg)

_Photos by Kevin._

We also welcomed back four VGDC alumni as they returned to UCSD to give members some insight on what it's like to work on games professionally. Thank you to our panelists Alex Ferbrache, Patrick Traynor, Stephen Trinh, and Alex Hawker, for making the trip down here! 

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/AlumniPanel1.jpg)

_From left to right: Alex Ferbrache, Patrick Traynor, Stephen Trinh, and Alex Hawker._

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/AlumniPanel2.jpg)

_Photos by Kevin._
	
Our End of Quarter Equinox Social just happened one week ago today! It was a ton of fun; we served loads of free food and handed out raffle tickets, doing about three waves of Pokemon card giveaways throughout the night for a total of nine packs. Boy did that get people's attention! We also showed off a live demo of Mariposa and had the project leads give a few words. 

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/EOQSocialSpirigatito.png)

_Photo taken at EOQ social by Isabel ([@sleepyfloret](https://www.instagram.com/sleepyfloret) on Instagram)._ 

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/EOQsocialaniandisabel.jpg)

_Isabel taking said photo. Moment captured by Breanna._

Now, the workshops we held this quarter… There were a lot of them! First off, we collaborated with MIAC to host an introduction to Blender workshop led by Jaiden (the president of MIAC), Kiichi, and Jonathan. Attendees were tasked with following along with the workshop to create models of Pichu; take a look at some of their creations below!

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/Pichus.png)

_Model on left made by Liv (@froglegs9911 on Discord). Model on right made by Ian (@dimensionalcube on Discord)._

We also hosted an Intro to Unity workshop! Hosted by our programming leads Ethan and Jonathan, this workshop walked attendees through a live demo of Unity basics to create a simple platformer. Some steps included creating basic objects and parent objects, scripting, etc.

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/unity-flyer.png)

_Flyer used to promote Intro to Unity workshop. Illustration by Mina. Graphic design by Olivia ([@celshii.art](https://www.instagram.com/celshii.art/) on Instagram)._   

There are too many more workshops to mention, but I still wanted to thank all the attendees and our talented officers who helped lead them. I also would like to thank the VGDC Events and Marketing committees for organizing and promoting these events. VGDC wouldn't be what it is without all of your hard work. 

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/Flyers.png)

_Flyers from events mentioned. EOQ Social illustration & design by Olivia, with help from Chase, Aslan, and Kiichi. Winter GBM illustration by Olivia, with assistance from Chase and Breanna. TCP Kickoff illustration & design by Chanel ([@still_decidings](https://www.instagram.com/still_decidings) on Instagram)._

## What's Next? + Quarterly Goodbyes 

In terms of game development projects, work on Mariposa is set to continue past the demo we showed off at our EOQ social throughout the spring quarter. Next quarter, we're also set to host TritonWare, our two-week game jam, open to people of any experience, including beginners! Check out some games made during it [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iZJJy-IDo0ivGX6r1TRcYeRWZvtlOpya_uvD-HblG1I/edit?gid=1693143655#gid=1693143655).   

I'd like to acknowledge Breanna, Jess, and Olivia for their edits and suggestions to this post. Keep an eye out for more information on our Spring events towards the start of next quarter! Thanks to everyone reading and anyone who attended any of our events this quarter. It means the world to us. See you all in spring!

Commit message:

added more photos and changed cover

posts/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap.md, after:

---
title: "Winter Quarter '25 Recap"
date: "2025-03-10"
author: "Joshua Nolasco"
excerpt: "Recap all that has happened for VGDC during Winter 2025!"
coverImage: "/cover.jpg"
---

Hi everyone! Happy Mario Day! We hope this quarter was good to you, and you're all finishing strong. This can be a busy time for many people, so we appreciate you checking in here. It's been an eventful couple of months here at VGDC, so let’s recap what's happened as we say goodbye to the quarter. 

## Executive Elections 

Internally, VGDC held executive elections. All executive positions were up for grabs, meaning current executives were required to rerun for their positions, but more emphasis was placed on ones held by graduating incumbents. Candidates prepared a speech and created a presentation to be shown in front of the entire officer base. From there, the audience of officers cast their votes. It sounds intimidating, but it was a positive and insightful experience where we discussed many new avenues for club improvement! Everyone, both campaigning and voting, had a lot of fun. 

VGDC needed to fill the positions of President, Projects Director, and Treasurer. The votes determined that Aslan Chan, Ethan Schwartzman, and Andrew Khov, respectively, will take these roles. We look forward to seeing the ideas and innovations our newly elected executives bring to the table! 

## Events & Workshops 

It wouldn't be a quarter of VGDC without our events and workshops. We kicked off the new year with our Winter GBM, where we discussed our club and gave people a sneak peek at events we had coming up. 

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/WinterGBM1.jpg)

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/WinterGBM2.jpg)
  
_Some photos from Winter GBM. Photos by Kevin ([@qiwenkevin](https://www.instagram.com/qiwenkevin) on Instagram)_

This quarter we started a brand new TCP season - we have a [whole other blog post](https://www.vgdc.dev/news/Making-Mariposa) dedicated to this project if you'd like to check it out! The kickoff was a blast; it was an excellent opportunity for people interested in participating to learn more about the game and meet their respective teams and leads. 

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/TCPKickoff1.jpg)

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/TCPKickoff2.jpg)

_Photos by Kevin._

We also welcomed back four VGDC alumni as they returned to UCSD to give members some insight on what it's like to work on games professionally. Thank you to our panelists Alex Ferbrache, Patrick Traynor, Stephen Trinh, and Alex Hawker, for making the trip down here! 

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/AlumniPanel1.jpg)

_From left to right: Alex Ferbrache, Patrick Traynor, Stephen Trinh, and Alex Hawker._

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/AlumniPanel2.jpg)

_Photos by Kevin._
	
Our End of Quarter Equinox Social just happened one week ago today! It was a ton of fun; we served loads of free food and handed out raffle tickets, doing about three waves of Pokemon card giveaways throughout the night for a total of nine packs. Boy did that get people's attention! We also showed off a live demo of Mariposa and had the project leads give a few words.

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/EOQSocial1.JPG)

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/EOQSocial2.JPG)

_Photos by Kevin._

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/EOQSocialSpirigatito.png)

_Photo taken at EOQ social by Isabel ([@sleepyfloret](https://www.instagram.com/sleepyfloret) on Instagram)._ 

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/EOQsocialaniandisabel.jpg)

_Isabel taking said photo. Moment captured by Breanna._

Now, the workshops we held this quarter… There were a lot of them! First off, we collaborated with MIAC to host an introduction to Blender workshop led by Jaiden (the president of MIAC), Kiichi, and Jonathan. Attendees were tasked with following along with the workshop to create models of Pichu; take a look at some of their creations below!

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/Pichus.png)

_Model on left made by Liv (@froglegs9911 on Discord). Model on right made by Ian (@dimensionalcube on Discord)._

We also hosted an Intro to Unity workshop! Hosted by our programming leads Ethan and Jonathan, this workshop walked attendees through a live demo of Unity basics to create a simple platformer. Some steps included creating basic objects and parent objects, scripting, etc.

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/unity-flyer.png)

_Flyer used to promote Intro to Unity workshop. Illustration by Mina. Graphic design by Olivia ([@celshii.art](https://www.instagram.com/celshii.art/) on Instagram)._   

There are too many more workshops to mention, but I still wanted to thank all the attendees and our talented officers who helped lead them. I also would like to thank the VGDC Events and Marketing committees for organizing and promoting these events. VGDC wouldn't be what it is without all of your hard work. 

![image](/images/blogs/Winter-Quarter-25-Recap/Flyers.png)

_Flyers from events mentioned. EOQ Social illustration & design by Olivia, with help from Chase, Aslan, and Kiichi. Winter GBM illustration by Olivia, with assistance from Chase and Breanna. TCP Kickoff illustration & design by Chanel ([@still_decidings](https://www.instagram.com/still_decidings) on Instagram)._

## What's Next? + Quarterly Goodbyes 

In terms of game development projects, work on Mariposa is set to continue past the demo we showed off at our EOQ social throughout the spring quarter. Next quarter, we're also set to host TritonWare, our two-week game jam, open to people of any experience, including beginners! Check out some games made during it [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iZJJy-IDo0ivGX6r1TRcYeRWZvtlOpya_uvD-HblG1I/edit?gid=1693143655#gid=1693143655).   

I'd like to acknowledge Breanna, Jess, and Olivia for their edits and suggestions to this post. Keep an eye out for more information on our Spring events towards the start of next quarter! Thanks to everyone reading and anyone who attended any of our events this quarter. It means the world to us. See you all in spring!
